LYNCHING IN MEXICO.
Three Colored Laborers Hung and Four
Shot at San Dialo- Race Trouble
Threatened.
Cincinnati, May 24.- A special to the
Enquirer from Diaz, Mex., says: There
is great excitement in the town of San
Dialo, ten miles from here, over the
lynching of seven colored laborers on
the Mexican Central railroad. Jose
Santo, a Spanish negro, attempted to
assault the wife of Senor Duply, a
ranch owner, and, escaping from the
plantation, was tracked by blood
hounds and, in company with nine
others, was captured in a hut on the
river bank opposite Eagle Pass. The
regulators did not attempt to prove the
guilt of any of the negroes but hung
three of them and shot four more who
were attempting to escape. The officials
are swearing in deputies, as race
trouble is threatened in the colored
quarter. Four of the negroes killed
are Americans and have all served
tences in the Texas penitentiary. sen
