In Laurens and Chester there were
collisions between armed militia, or
national guards( negross) and the
whites, in open daylight, the circum-
stau.ces of which are well known to
you. In the other counties disguised
parties have, from time to time, with
in the last three months, administered
lynch law in certain cases. While
these occurrences are greatly to be
and have received almost universal
condemnation, the collisions in Laur-
bestens and Chester, by far the most
serious of them all, are regarded by
the best mon who knows the facts, as
necessary and justifiable, act of self-
defence on the part of the whites. It
is very generally believed that their
prompt notion prevented that general
war of raors, which thoughtful
man have regarded eminent for
years past. some
