A Pair of Murderers Lynched at Sealand,
Washington.
SEALAND, Wash., April 11.- Forty
masked men broke into jail here at one
o'clock this morning and shot to death
John Rose and John Edwards, who were
convicted of the murder of Hans Freder-
ickson and his wife about a year ago. The
men were confined in jail awaiting a new
trial. The murder was committed in cold
blood and was for the purpose of obtaining
possession of a piece of land on which
Frederickson was living. Edward Gibbon
and George Rose were also charged with
assisting in the murder. Gibbon was
acquitted. George Rose was convicted of
murder in the first degree, but afterwards
escaped jail. The mob overpowered the
jailor, and going to the cell where the
prisoners were confined, riddled their
bodies with bullets. The mob then
dispersed. quietly
