The news from California, by the Empire
City, which arrived here on Wednesday
morning, is somewhat discouraging. The
resources of the State proinise more largely
than ever; the mountains are opening new
treasures of gold, and the fields make gen
eious returns to the agriculturalists; but
crime is as abundant as gold, and the whole
country seems to be overrun with villains of
the worst stamp. Lynch law is now almost
the only law in the mining district. At San
Francisco, the Vigilance Committee has
commenced an unrelenting crusade against
robbers and incendiaries; but it does not ap
pear that the public security has yet been
restored. The late fire which destroyed
thirteen blocks valued at$ 3,000,000. though
less serious than the previous one, has had a
more distressing effect on business. The
Empire City brought 360 passengers,
$ 1,700,000, in gold dust, and
