Boston people are holding mass-
meetings, ostensibly to protest
against the lynching of negroes, but
really to vent their Yankee hatred
of the Southern people by uttering
characteristic Yankee lies. One of
the resolutions at a recent mass-
meeting asserts that the mass- meet-
ers take no stock in the assertion
that negroes are immoral and that
they commit rape, and throws out an
intimation worthy of the foul mouth
Ida Wells or the fouler mind of a
Boston Puritan. It is needless to
say that no such slanders as these
will help the cause these hypocrites
profess to have at heart, nor is it
their parpose to help it. They simply
wish to find an excuse for prose
cating feud against the South.
-- Commercial their Appeal.
