Congress Fiddles, Lynchings Mount Mount Lynchings Fiddles,
While Congressmen argued with one an-
other about how much time they could
take off from their duties in Washington,
another Negro was lynched last week in
Georgia.
The owner of a 200-acre farm wnicn iu-
cludes a private fishing pond was shot to
death in Decatur county, Georgia, by what
an inquest verdict called "unknown par-
ties." A witness to the shooting said that
four or five white men slew the prosperous
Negro farmer as the latter fled for his
life.
It seems that the farmer, Hollis Riles,
had ordered the whites off his property.
'Angered by the Negro's objection to their
trespassing, the whites riddled his body
with buckshot. The inquest showed that
the farmer had been hit thirteen times.
From press reports, it is doubtful if any
of the whites will ever be brought to jus-
another
