THREATEN TO LYNCH
A BUTTE MURDERER
BUTTE, Mont., July 22.
Paddy Rodgers, alleged bandit,
boasted bad man and all around
desperado, is in jail for the
murder of Michael Henry in a
saloon upon the outskirts last
Saturday night. Henry was
carried from his home to the
cemetery, three miles, today,
upon the shoulders of 30 min
ers, who took this dramatic
the
lawlessness reigning in Butte.
The Henry murder occurred
during a saloon holdup. While.
his hands were up, Henry was
shot through the heart, at close
● range. had known Paddy.
Rodgers for years, and it is
thought by the police that Rod
him and killed hry recognized
him to escape
pursuit.
The men engaged in
the robbery were masked, but
several witnesses declare the
• murderer is Rodgers Lynching
is generally talked..
