Fate of a Child Ravisher.
SAVANNAH, July 16th.- Information was
received here to- day that Jake Braswell
( colored) was lynched at noon yesterday.
near Flatford, Bullock county. Braswell
had ravished and horribly maltreated a
Dolly Woods, a little 6- year- old girl, while
on her way to school. She identified him,
and he confessed, saying that he would
have killed the child, but thought her
dead when he left her. A crowd of 100
whites and blacks held a conference and
gave Braswell the choice of being burned
or hanging himself. He chose the latter,
climbed up a tree, fastened a rope around
his own neck and a limb of the tree, but
then refused to jump off. A negro climbed
up and tied Braswell's hands and then
pushed him off with a pole. His body was
with bullets. The child is not ex-
riddled pected to live.
