A BRUTE LYNCHED.
Hawesville, Ky., Sept. 27.- At five a.
m. Sunday, in the presence of SCO infuriated
people, Raymond Bushrod, a
negro, was lynched as a penalty for a
hellish assault upon the person of 14-
year- old Maggie Roberts on Saturday.
He was hanged from a limb of a tree in
the courthouse yard. Bushrod was from
Rockport, Ind., and had just served a
term in the county jail for theft. Sat-
urday afternoon near Petri, three miles
from this place, he met the little Rob-
erts girl, and after outraging her beat
and bruised her with an iron coupling
and left her the railroad grade
pin
to die. on
town, a selection was made. Some delay
was caused for want of a rope, but
directly a bran new half inch plow line
was furnished and everything was in
readiness the first lynching in Han-
cock county for.
