Serious Fight at Ironton Nearly Results
In Race War.
At Fleetwood Park, Ironton, Ohio,
John and Albert Slaughter, white, were
probably fatally stabed by Luther Page
and Abner Owens, colored, and Charles
Martin and Riley Slaughter were beaten
with clubs. The mother of the Slaughters
was knocked down with a club by Owens.
John Slaughter was badly cut and will
die. Albert Slaughter had his jugular
vein severed and his arm almost cut off.
The trouble arose over the slapping of a
small white boy by a colored man, and it
almost caused a race riot. The colored
men were placed in the county jail for
safety. After midnight an attempt was
made to organize a mob to lynch the
prisoners. A crowd gathered, but no one
volunteered to lead the assault on the
jail. This was fortunate, as a battle
would have ensued. The jail was guard-
Led and fully fifty heavily armed colored
men patrolled the streets in the vicinity,
ready to assist in the defense of
prisoners. the
